Add myldapsync (#146)
shlomi-noach/awesome-mysql: README.md

*Tools that prevents leaking of sensitive data from database (encryption, masking and tokenization, honey-pots, etc)*

- [Acra](https://github.com/cossacklabs/acra) - SQL database protection suite: strong selective encryption, SQL injections prevention, intrusion detection system.

> - [myldapsync](https://pypi.org/project/myldapsync/) - Synchronize MySQL or MariaDB users with users in an LDAP directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [myldapsync](https://github.com/6eh01der/myldapsync) - Synchronize MySQL or MariaDB users with users in an LDAP directory.
```

For most items we link to the github/gitlab repo, so probably best to do that for this as well.
